you got games on your phone so this is
the Asus Rog phone 9 Pro it's the first
Snapdragon 8 Elite phone I've tested it
also has a 5800 milliamp battery with
fast charging and 185 HZ display on the
front but nobody cares about any of that
because the screen on the back is
stilling a show so there's four retro
games on the back here all with really
great not copyright infringing names so
Speedy Runner is an infinite horizontal
scroller you flip the phone over the air
Triggers on the top of the phone are
your controls and there's a screen and
you just uh play this game as if you
were on the front of the phone snake
Venture is exactly what it sounds like
it's snake on the back of your phone but
with the triggers again now Arrow
Invaders is uh pretty classic you've
probably heard of Space Invaders but
they can't call it that but same thing
scrolling flying through asteroids
shooting them down leveling up it's
great and brick Smasher is basically
just brick breaker with a giant Asus
logo this is the only one I've gotten
really good at though this is Peak
offline gaming